feat: Add ability to override enumerable builder values (#1506)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/api/create_docker_container.md

The static class `Consume` offers pre-configured implementations of the `IOutputConsumer` interface for common use cases. If you need additional functionalities beyond those provided by the default implementations, you can create your own implementations of `IOutputConsumer`.

## Composing command arguments

> Testcontainers for .NET provides the `WithCommand(ComposableEnumerable<string>)` API to give you flexible control over container command arguments. While currently used for commands, the `ComposableEnumerable<T>` abstraction is designed to support other builder APIs in the future, allowing similar composition and override functionality.

Author: ```suggestion
Testcontainers for .NET provides the `WithCommand(ComposableEnumerable<string>)` API to give you flexible control over container command arguments. While currently used for container commands, the `ComposableEnumerable<T>` abstraction is designed to support other builder APIs in the future, allowing similar composition and override functionality.
```

> Because our builders are immutable, this feature allows you to extend or override predefined configurations, such as those in Testcontainers [modules](../modules/index.md), without modifying the original builder.

Author: ```suggestion
Because our builders are immutable, this feature allows you to extend or override pre-configured configurations, such as those in Testcontainers [modules](../modules/index.md), without modifying the original builder.
```
